[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: On
"Beyond Belief,"
we talk about time
travel, reincarnation,
out-of-body experiences,
and parallel universes
with none other than
Dr. Bruce Goldberg.
>> Dr. Bruce Goldberg,
once a practicing dentist,
is the author of more than 20
bestselling and award-winning
books on reincarnation,
time travel,
and consciousness-raising.
Bruce has conducted more than
35,000 past-life regressions
and future-life
progression since 1974.
He discusses
out-of-body experiences,
parallel universes, and much
more, today on "Beyond Belief."
>>NOORY: Bruce,
you've been busy.
Welcome back.
>>BRUCE GOLDBERG:
It's a pleasure
to reincarnate with you
every time, whether it
be radio, television, the fifth
dimension, anywhere, George.
>>NOORY: I never
know what year I'm
in when I'm interviewing you.
I could be in the future.
I could be in the past.
Who knows where I am with you?
>>GOLDBERG: You could
be in the 22nd century
as Dexter Monterrey.
You can be in the 35th century
as Xeor, or you can be here.
>>NOORY: Yeah, let's explain
that for just a second.
Dexter Monterrey-- what
year am I as that person?
>>GOLDBERG: Let's talk about
these two, because this
is future-life progressions.
And for the audience,
what I did here
was a technique called
accessing the Akashic records.
This is what a psychic does.
Now, I'm not a psychic,
but the techniques
that anyone can be
trained to do is
to access into your records of
your past, present, parallel,
and future lives.
Now, with you, for
your benefit, I
decided to see what your
future lives were like.
Now, this is a karmic pattern.
What you're doing
here with your show,
both TV and radio, is
you're exposing people
like me, the New Age market,
the spiritual growth, et cetera,
and psychic research areas, too.
In the future, in the 22nd
century as Dexter Monterrey,
you're going to be a host
of the equivalent of a radio
show on something called the
GCN, the Global Communications
Network.
300 million listeners are
going to be your audience.
>>NOORY: Not bad-- close
to what I have now.
>>GOLDBERG: You're going to
wear a one-piece gold jumpsuit,
and people will see on their
little radio units, whatever
the equivalent thereof, they're
going to see a hologram of you,
OK?
>>NOORY: Aha.
All right.
>>GOLDBERG: And you're
in this big mall.
OK, so you're going to be
on this show for 40 years.
>>NOORY: 40 years?
>>GOLDBERG: 40 years.
You live in Texas.
Now, this is another thing.
You do, as your own
research, your own interests,
is in psychic research and in
out-of-body experiences, OK?
In this life, this future
life, you're not married,
and you live in Texas.
OK, so now we fast forward
to the 35th century,
in which you're a man
named Xeor, X-E-O-R.
You're married to a
woman named Laura.
You have three sons.
Now you are an actual
psychic researcher.
And what you are known for, you
develop these like metal rings
that clear the negative
energy from people.
It's a form of
psychic self-defense.
>>NOORY: My invention?
>>GOLDBERG: Your invention,
which you're well known for.
The reason why the 35th
century is relevant
is this is where time
travelers from the future,
the chrononauts, as
I call them, they're
going to use teleportation
as their technique
for going back in time.
So your cleansing
rings are used by them
to protect them
when they teleport.
Now, the problem that
you have in that life
is that the Black
Brotherhood of Lower Astral
Entities and these
psychic attackers,
they're after you because you're
now going against their goal
to try to destroy the Earth.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>GOLDBERG: So you're
about to receive
an award, almost like a
Nobel prize in those days,
in the future, and they try to
attack you before the awards.
You use your own
techniques, beat them,
so now you're even
more famous with this.
And by the way, your three
sons follow you and your work.
And listen to this.
You live in Toronto--
we call Toronto today.
You'll live to the age of
800 in that future life.
>>NOORY: In real years.
>>GOLDBERG: In real years, yes.
>>NOORY: Jeez.
>>GOLDBERG: But you don't
look a day over 700.
>>NOORY: That's good.
That's good.
General George C. Patton
during World War II
was convinced that he was a
reincarnated general of a Roman
era.
>>GOLDBERG: A Roman
general, yes, right.
That's a very well-known story.
>>NOORY: George C. Scott
played Patton in the movie.
Let's take a look.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> It was here.
The battlefield was here.
The Carthaginians
defending the city
were attacked by
three Roman legions.
The Carthaginians were proud and
brave, but they couldn't hold.
They were massacred.
Arab women stripped them of
their tunics and their swords
and lances.
The soldiers lay
naked in the sun.
2,000 years ago.
I was here.
>>NOORY: That was one of my
favorite scenes from the movie,
because if you're
into reincarnation,
Bruce, that tells
it all, doesn't it?
>>GOLDBERG: Not
only that, but it
also helps with documentation.
Because when people who
have never been anywhere,
and all of a sudden
they recognize it,
like this is 2,000
years after the fact,
he was able to do that campaign
in Italy in 1943 faster
than anybody expected
him to do it,
including Eisenhower,
because he was
familiar with the territory.
>>NOORY: He had
been there before.
>>GOLDBERG: --from
the past life.
But not in this life, in the
previous life 2,000 years ago.
>>NOORY: How was he able
to think and recollect
that he had been there before?
>>GOLDBERG: He did a spontaneous
regression that occurs.
Remember the case that you
had on the radio with James
Leininger, the child?
>>NOORY: Yes, the little boy.
>>GOLDBERG: And
in May of 2000, he
has these nightmares
of him being
killed in a plane crash in
World War II as a navy pilot.
His name was James Houston in
that life-- same first name.
He looked like him, too, right?
And he had this
spontaneous recall.
Later on, of course,
that was documented,
and they wrote a book about it.
He did interviews, et cetera.
So this is called a
spontaneous past-life recall.
What I tell parents, especially
mothers with their children,
if you have a child
between two and five
and you just say
to them, tell me
what it was like
when you were big
and you don't play
games with them,
just let them be very serious,
some of these children
will spontaneously give you
a past-life recollection.
>>NOORY: That's amazing.
>>GOLDBERG: That's the work
of Ian Stevenson, by the way.
>>NOORY: Can you be
trained to do that?
>>GOLDBERG: Yes.
Well, the child doesn't
have to be trained.
It's natural for them, you see?
It's a natural
experience, because kids
are very psychic when
they're between two and five.
When they start going
into first grade
and they start getting
socialized by society,
then they lose the
psychic awareness.
>>NOORY: That is fascinating.
Reincarnation at
its best, isn't it?
>>GOLDBERG: Well,
the interesting thing
is that in the
space-time continuum,
all time is simultaneous.
So let me show you how
going into the future
can be relevant by
where you are right now.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>GOLDBERG: I
worked with a woman.
She was a college graduate.
I call her Tammy,
not her real name.
She came to my office
in 1996 in early June.
She just graduated from
college, lives in New York City.
She's going to go to Europe
the last half of the summer.
And then she's going to
go to graduate school.
So she wants to
come to my office,
because she had seen
my TV movie, my CBS
movie about reincarnation.
And she wants to learn how to
do out-of-body experiences.
And I said, fine.
So I'm working with her.
Now, when you go
out of the body,
you're in the fifth dimension.
You're an ultra-terrestrial.
Remember the term.
And you can actually see
past, present, and future.
So while she's in
town for the five
days in Los Angeles
in my office,
she these events that are going
to occur the following day,
which actually come true.
She has like four
or five of these.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>GOLDBERG: She goes home
now, and I don't hear from her
until the end of the month.
She calls me up, and she
goes, Doctor, this is Tammy.
I have a problem.
And I said, what's going on?
You did great here.
And she says, I
used your techniques
to go into the future.
I wanted to see my trip
to Paris next month.
And I see myself
taking off in a plane,
goes up in the air in New
York, immediately crashes.
I die.
Everybody dies.
And I said, look, I don't
want to change your life here,
but just change
your flight plans
and call me at the
end of the summer.
>>NOORY: Flight 800.
>>GOLDBERG: Flight 800
TWA, July 17, 1996.
She would have
been 231 of deaths.
So going into the future
and using hypnosis
and out-of-body experiences,
not only is it not dangerous,
it's actually quite
natural, as all your dreams
are out-of-body experiences.
We know that from science
research in dream laboratories.
But it saved her
life-- literally.
>>NOORY: Did you talk
to her afterwards?
>>GOLDBERG: Oh, yeah, yeah.
She called me.
At the end of August
she called me,
and it was the end of the
summer, and she goes--
>>NOORY: Was she in shock?
>>GOLDBERG: No, no.
She didn't like that
progression that she-- I
call it the age progression.
But she did like the fact
that her plane was fine
when she left in July.
But she called me up to
thank me and to tell me
that she was-- she
actually apologized
by being so upset and so
kind of neurotic at the time.
But I said, no, it's no problem.
I mean, she got--
>>NOORY: You're
used to that, right?
>>GOLDBERG: Yeah.
But she got very
empowered, though,
because she called me about
a year and a half later.
She was in graduate school
in a master's degree.
Everything was fine.
And she thanked me, and she
was very fulfilled in her life
and still seeing the future
as she went out of the body.
So it was a very good
training situation,
and she was a very
sweet young woman.
>>NOORY: And talking about
out of the body, again,
another great movie
called "Insidious"
about astral projection.
>> The idea of
astral projecting,
when you're asleep at night,
your soul or your spirit
or whatever you want to
call it, your astral body,
leaves your physical body
and goes floating off.
This is the perfect
principle for a horror film.
>> In the first firm, we created
this really surreal world known
as the Further.
It has its own set of rules.
There's no time.
There's no space.
There's nothing.
>> Into the Further we go.
>> This is a place
that astral projectors,
if they're really talented, can
actually explore this world.
But it's very
dangerous, because you
are mixing with people that are
dead, and you're a living soul.
And so they are attracted to
them like moths to a flame.
>>NOORY: When I
was 11 years old,
I had an out-of-body experience.
It's really the only
one I can recall.
It was not a frightening
experience at all, Bruce.
I was bouncing on the ceiling
looking down on my little body.
But what is astral projection?
>>GOLDBERG: Well,
astral projection
is the old term for an
out-of-body experience.
The reason why I
don't like the term
is because it symbolizes
the astral plane,
and there are many other
dimensions you could go to.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>GOLDBERG: But
what you're doing
is the soul, which is
electromagnetic radiation--
it's pure energy, just
like a television signal,
a computer signal.
And your soul occupies
your physical body.
So at night, especially, when
you go to sleep at night,
you go into the REM
cycle of a dream level.
Your soul leaves
the body at night
every night for about
three hours, OK?
We know that from research.
>>NOORY: It's healthy
for that, right?
>>GOLDBERG: It's perfectly--
it has to recharge
its batteries, so to speak, OK?
Now, during the waking
day, I train my patients
to do out-of-body experiences.
Of course, I've done this
myself over 3,000 times.
So if was dangerous, we'd be
on the astral plane right now.
>>NOORY: Yes, you would.
>>GOLDBERG: So the soul does
that as a natural mechanism.
Now, obviously during
the waking day,
it's harder to train people.
Of course, they're
not used to it,
and they have too much
stress in their life.
They have to kind of
relax and chill out.
But there's another
technique, a term
that I use that I want to
teach your audience, too.
It's called the IBE.
It's a term I developed
many years ago.
It's all the characteristics
of an out-of-body experience,
except your perspective
is from the physical body,
not from the ceiling.
In other words, you're
using your astral senses,
your fifth-dimensional senses.
So you can see into
the fifth dimension.
You could see a ghost, so to
speak, or some other entities.
But your perspective is
still from the physical body.
So I call that an IBE.
Now, when you're trained to
do out-of-body experiences,
you'll have the IBE first,
and then you'll have the OBE.
Like, for example,
someone in the chair,
they may see their astral
hands rising up from the chair,
you see?
>>NOORY: Like a
ghost almost, right?
>>GOLDBERG: Right,
but that's an IBE.
Eventually, if you
do this correctly
and you work correctly,
and I train people
to do that, of course, then you
can shift and actually leave,
go onto the ceiling or travel
or go anywhere you want to do.
>>NOORY: Is there this
cord that is supposed
to be attached between
the physical body
and the ethereal body?
>>GOLDBERG: Not
the physical body.
It's the silver cord.
It's a pulsating,
silver cord that's
attached from the back of the
astral or the spiritual body
to the higher self.
That's why it's pulsating.
You're getting energy
from your higher self.
Now, in a regular,
out-of-body experience,
most people don't see it
because it's behind them.
You have to kind of spin
around to do that or see
somebody else's silver cord.
>>NOORY: And it will
stretch indefinitely, right?
>>GOLDBERG: Yes, but
here's the difference.
Between a person clinically
crosses into spirit
or clinically dies,
that cord is severed.
>>NOORY: It's severed.
>>GOLDBERG: So if
you a severed cord--
>>NOORY: Like an
umbilical cord in birth.
>>GOLDBERG: Exactly, except it's
death rather than birth, OK?
>>NOORY: Yeah, yeah.
>>GOLDBERG: So if
it's severed, you
ain't coming back, is
what the point is on that.
But out-of-body experiences
are not dangerous.
They're perfectly natural.
>>NOORY: Can it be
severed by mistake?
>>GOLDBERG: No.
There's a reason for it.
It's not like somebody has
a sword swishing around
there and doing that.
>>NOORY: It's gonna clip you.
>>GOLDBERG: You choose
your moment of death,
and the death is
actually well planned.
So you're not going to
accidentally go out of the body
and sever the silver cord.
That has never been recorded.
And I've done it
over 3,000 times.
And I've seen my own
silver cord, too.
>>NOORY: And what have you seen
when you've done your OBEs?
>>GOLDBERG: Well, I go
into the fifth dimension.
I go to various dimensions.
I've described-- could we
spend a few seconds talking
about the dimensions?
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
>>GOLDBERG: OK, you
have the astral plane.
Every dimension has
a different sound.
The astral plane
is characterized
by the roar of the sea, like
a sea shell to your ear.
And if you go to
the astral plane
to the upper, not
the lower one--
the lower one is
psychic attacking.
>>NOORY: The upper
would be God-like?
>>GOLDBERG: It's not God-like.
It's just very positive.
You have the astral museum.
That's where Bill
Gates and Einstein went
and Tesla and everybody else
to get futuristic technology.
>>NOORY: And they
brought it back.
>>GOLDBERG: And
that's how I developed
my superconscious mind tape
and my progression techniques.
I went to the
astral museum, too.
The lower astral plane is
filled with negative entities--
you don't want to be there--
demonic entities, some bad ETs,
reptilians.
>>NOORY: Is that what
hell would be called?
>>GOLDBERG: Yeah.
They call it more purgatory,
would the better analogy.
Because you can get out of it.
It's not permanent, OK?
Now, the plane beyond that
is called the causal plane.
The sound is the
tinkling of bells,
like a New Age bookstore.
And the casual plane is where--
it's a very small plane.
It's the smallest dimension.
And that's what your
Akashic records are stored.
Beyond that is the
mental plane, which
the sound of running
water characterizes that.
And the mental plane
has blue highways.
So if you're driving in
a car or flying above it
and you see
iridescent blue roads,
you're on the mental plane.
>>NOORY: You're on
the mental plane.
>>GOLDBERG: All the entities
or the people that are there,
they look like little angels.
They live in these houses
of geometric designs.
And the masters
would hang out there.
The Buddhas, the
Jesus, the Moses,
they would hang out
in the mental plane.
It's a very spiritual dimension.
Beyond that is
the etheric plane.
Now, that's a biggie.
The etheric plane is
the largest dimension.
The sound of the buzzing
bees is the characteristic.
And that's when
I talked with you
on the show about the
etheric plane surgeons.
So if you have a medical
issue, like cancer, AIDS,
or lupus or something
that you can't cure
and there's nothing
you can do on the Earth
plane, the reason why
the etheric plane's
surgeons work well--
these are entities that
work on the etheric
plane-- your etheric body
is identical to
the physical body.
All the other spiritual bodies
are similar, but not exactly
identical.
The etheric body is identical.
So these etheric surgeons
that look like giant tadpoles,
if they work on your etheric
body and cure the etheric body,
then it's not a high percentage,
but in certain cases,
you bring it back
to the Earth plane
when you awaken the
following morning.
You can transfer
the healing energy.
And I've done that
with patients.
So this is called
etheric plane surgery.
It's a very ancient technique.
It's been around for many
years in the old mystery
schools in ancient Greece
and Rome and Egypt.
But I've actually westernized
it for people to use.
It's not a high percentage,
but you've got nothing to lose,
and when it works,
it's brilliant.
>>NOORY: Isn't it true,
Bruce, that in the OBE state,
most people do not
remember that they're
in that out-of-body
state and, hence,
they don't remember
that they had one.
>>GOLDBERG: Well,
they blank out.
That's true.
The other thing they have
it's called false awakening.
Let's say you're on
the astral plane,
and you recreate your own
bedroom, which is very common.
So now you wake up, and
you say, oh, OK, I woke up.
But you actually woke up
on the astral plane, not
the physical plane.
>>NOORY: But you
don't know that.
>>GOLDBERG: It's called
a false awakening.
And the way you can tell that
is called a reality testing.
You can look at the
wall, and maybe the print
of your wallpaper is
a little different
or your alarm clock is a little
taller or smaller or wider.
Then you know you're still
on the astral plane, you see.
But most people don't remember
their nightly experiences.
When they have dreams, sometimes
you may remember a fragment.
But remember, you're dreaming
for three hours a night.
Nobody remembers--
I'm an expert,
and I can't remember three
hours of dreams every night.
So we tend to repress
them, because most
of the time, people go to
the lower astral plane, which
is very negative,
and you don't want
to remember negative things.
So therefore, it's
a natural tendency
to repress the
negative experiences.
>>NOORY: In this kind of state,
the astral state, the OBE
state, when people
are having that done,
right before you fall asleep,
you feel a jarring effect,
something just snaps you, like.
What is that?
Is that the astral body leaving,
or is it coming back in?
What is that?
>>GOLDBERG: OK, we have
to use couple of terms.
One is called the
hypnagogic state.
It's when you're just
like-- you're lying in bed,
you're about to fall asleep.
Normally you're in
your beta brainwave,
we call this, which is
the conscious mind proper,
the normal conscious state.
Now you're going into alpha,
and now all of a sudden you're
now going to transfer
from the Earth plane
to the astral plane.
Now, the tugging you're talking
is more on the return trip.
>>NOORY: Everybody feels that.
>>GOLDBERG: But when
you're out of the body,
you're going to feel
like this tugging.
This is the silver cord
in the back of your head
or some parts of the body.
Usually it's the
top of the head.
That tugging means it's time
to go back to the Earth plane.
>>NOORY: Aha.
>>GOLDBERG: So now you're
going to wake up or just
transfer back.
So that's what that
normally means.
But when you're in
the astral plane,
when you're in the
fifth dimension--
let's use the word
"fifth dimension"--
you would see a person
with like glowing--
you know like some
of these movies,
they picture like a ghost with
like a glowing aura around it,
like a whitish aura?
That's what you see in
the fifth dimension.
You can see through the person.
They're like-- not invisible,
but transparent, you see?
>>NOORY: This that why religious
paintings all have that--
>>GOLDBERG: Yes. you
always have that.
That's why they do it.
Yes, you do.
If you look at some of
the Renaissance paintings,
you'll see some of the--
not only that, like they
picture of Jesus or the
Virgin Mary, et cetera,
but you're also going to
see a lot of angel aspects.
There's a lot of metaphysical
and a lot of mentalities
towards using the
fifth dimension as part
of their inspiration to the
artist that did that, you see.
You're also going to have things
in the fifth dimension-- you
can teleport, you can fly,
you can do anything you want.
We have no physical
laws as we know it, OK?
You can heal things.
You can do so many things.
You can have blue breath coming
out of your mouth if you want.
Your thought
creates the reality.
But there are limitations.
You just can't destroy
the whole dimension.
Some people think, why can't
I just nuke it, you know?
You can't do that.
And there are astral
police, by the way.
So if you try to do
something really stupid--
>>NOORY: They're
there to help you?
>>GOLDBERG: Well, they're
there to protect the others
that you're trying to hurt.
>>NOORY: Ah, all right.
>>GOLDBERG: OK?
So there are-- it's
called the astral police.
>>NOORY: They've got it
all sorted out, don't they?
>>GOLDBERG: Yeah, you can't
just-- because somebody would--
that would let someone
destroy the dimensions.
Some maniac or some
terrorist would say,
let's just blow it up, right?
But you can't do that.
So the astral dimension
will always exist.
Now, one dimension I didn't
talk about, the last one,
is the soul plane.
The soul plane is characterized
by the single note of a flute.
And what that dimension
is, it's no longer part
of the karmic cycle,
as the other five were,
and that's not part
of the higher planes.
It's where you go when
you choose your next life.
It's sort of like the DMZ,
as I call it, you see?
And eventually, you'll
ascend from that soul plane
into the higher dimensions.
Then you'll rejoin
the God Energy
Complex, as we call that.
So that's the purpose of life.
The only real purpose of life is
to ascend, to perfect your soul
and to ascend.
>>NOORY: Time travel--
one of my favorite topics.
Physicist Ron Mallett
has been wanting
to develop a time machine
to go back and contact
his father, who he
claims he really never
had the kind of relationship
that he wanted-- Ron Mallett.
>> Ever since Ron
Mallett was a boy,
he has harbored a dream of
building a time machine.
Today, he is
professor of physics
at the University of Connecticut
and ready to share his secret
with the world.
>> It's really such a
powerful feeling to know that
we're actually being able to
manipulate space and time.
And it's exciting,
because this shows that we
may be able to control time.
And that means
that ultimately, we
may be able to control
our destiny in a way
that mankind never has
been able to before.
>> Mallett's motivation began
when his father died suddenly
of a heart attack.
Just 10 years old at the
time and totally devastated,
Mallett made a pledge.
>> If I could build a time
machine that I could go back
and see him again and
maybe save his life.
[ELECTRIC STATIC]
>> For almost half a century
and like many other scientists,
he has conducted his research
in closed laboratories.
>>NOORY: Bruce, Ron
Mallett is obsessed
with trying to go
back into time.
Is that a smart thing to do, to
go back and save your father?
>>GOLDBERG: Ron Mallett
has a specific incentive
to do that, OK?
Let me just discuss one thing.
If he goes back,
people say, what
about the grandfather paradox?
If you go back in time and
you kill your grandfather,
you're going to disappear, the
Back to the Future mentality
with Michael J. Fox.
The issue here is
that when you do that,
you're actually going
into a parallel universe.
So even if you did go back in
time and kill your grandfather,
you might disappear in that
universe, but not in this one.
But let me share
about the time travel,
because Mallet's research--
I'm well aware of his work.
There are four different
ways of time travel.
One is the physical machines.
A man named Frank Tippler in
1974 from Tulane University
came up with this theory
about using these rotating
cylinders to go back in time.
Then there was Richard Gott
from Princeton University.
He has these giant,
cosmic strings,
which are two-dimensional
singularities
that apparently if you go
between the two of them,
you can go back in time.
And then there is Edward
Witten, also from Princeton.
He has a time-- going in
through hyper-universes and what
we called hyperspace.
Even Kip Thorne from
Caltech University
has a theory about that.
But his one is going to
be relevant to the future.
Because he has a theory,
wrote a scientific article
about expanding and enlarging
wormholes into classic size
and then lining them
with exotic matter,
which has negative
mass, you see.
And if you do that, even
Einstein's equations
show you can create
a time machine.
OK, those are the
physical methods.
The other methods
are you have what
we call-- what I do with the
fifth dimensional travel,
where I take people out of
the body, like in Tammy's case
where you can see past,
present, and future.
You can actually see it, OK?
Then the futuristic
time travelers
will do the teleportation
in the 35th century.
You as Xeor will be helpful
there with your rings,
with psychic protection.
So there are physical methods,
but the bottom line here
is that the enlarging
wormholes to classic size
that Kip Thorne talks about
won't be done until the year
3050 by a man named Tatos,
who will discover time travel
and lead to all the time
travelers from our future
that I talk about.
The techniques-- we
don't have negative mass.
They're trying to do that
with super colliders.
They haven't done that yet.
And they won't.
So we know the mathematics,
thanks to Kip Thorne.
But we don't have
the negative mass
and the other ways of
creating this ability
to enlarge wormholes.
That's going to be
the best way to do it.
And in the future,
it's going to be
called a wormhole linear
accelerator, developed
by this man named Tatos,
as the first time traveler.
>>NOORY: Bruce, do
you think those time
travelers from that future
may have come back here
and they're here now?
>>GOLDBERG: Of course they are.
As a matter of fact, let me
just share the time traveler
paradigm.
Tatos came back in time with
his wormhole linear accelerator,
and he had a staff.
Listen to the names of his
staff-- Geb, Isis, Osiris,
Horus.
>>NOORY: Egyptians.
>>GOLDBERG: Right.
They went back to
ancient Egypt first.
And, of course, they
were worshipped as gods.
Can you imagine coming
back in a time machine?
They're either going the kill
you or worship you as a god,
right?
Tatos was actually called
Hermes by the Greeks or Thoth
by the Egyptians.
So he was a very, very
important character.
Of course, all of our
technology is given to us
by time travelers.
Now, the reason why they're
not going to go on CNN
or your show or the UN is
because the Men in Black
will kill them.
There are Men in Black.
There are different
types of Men in Black,
as I discuss in my books.
And they don't like ETs, and
they don't like time travelers.
So if you're going
to be-- the way you
meet a time traveler is
in the fifth dimension,
for the most part.
Because there, they can hang
out, and the Men in Black
can't touch them.
But when they materialize
down to the Earth plane,
now they're exposed
and vulnerable.
Yes, they do that,
but they only do
that when they make sure that
they're not going to be killed
by the Men in Black, you see.
>>NOORY: Ah, good point.
What is a parallel universe?
>>GOLDBERG: Parallel
universe is actually
part of the fifth dimension.
It's a sister universe
that is just like ours--
we have the same physical
qualities-- except the actions
are different.
According to
"Scientific American"--
they published an article
in August of 2000.
They had this whole journal
based upon parallel universes.
The closest sister universe is
less than a millimeter away.
That's 140th of an inch.
That's how close they are.
Now, you can't see them.
And for those of your listeners
that are more academic,
that's called the Brane theory,
B-R-A-N-E-- Brane theory.
And so parallel
universes come out
of Einstein's theory
of relativity.
We know that.
It also came out
of mostly the work
of Hugh Everett III
in Princeton in 1957
when he wrote his doctoral
thesis for quantum mechanics,
which is quantum physics,
on the many worlds
interpretation,
which is basically
the blueprint of
parallel universes.
So they're are real.
We know they exist.
And they're trying
to see into them
now with computer technology.
But parallel
universe-- so you and I
are on parallel
universe functioning.
You may be the
president of a country.
You may be working at a Denny's.
You can do anything you want.
All kinds of options
are different.
But you're going to look the
same, and the events that
are going to be a
little bit different.
>>NOORY: And the age
will be the same?
>>GOLDBERG: Let me show you a
case of a parallel universe.
I was working with this
young teenage girl.
I'll call her Tanya.
And this goes back to
about 15 years ago.
Her project was to
do a paper on 1968,
which is a very, as you know,
tumultuous year in our history.
So she says, OK.
Well, she had purchased one
of my "Custom Design Your Own
Destiny" techniques.
It's a CD thing.
And she says, well, I
think I'm just really going
to go back there, and I'm
going to use Dr. Goldberg's
techniques, and
I'm going to make
my report a lot quicker, OK?
>>NOORY: Yes, exactly.
>>GOLDBERG: 17 years old, right?
She goes back, and
this is what she sees.
She reports this to me.
She says, Doctor,
I went back there,
and it was 1968, and
guess who was president?
Robert F. Kennedy.
>>NOORY: Oh, wow.
>>GOLDBERG: There
was no Watergate.
There was no Nixon.
>>NOORY: Wow, there
was no assassination.
>>GOLDBERG: The Soviet
Union collapsed in 1986, OK?
So this was all different.
And she knew something is wrong.
She knows she's not
in Kansas anymore.
So she comes back
out of the trance,
and now she goes home--
this is late afternoon.
She goes down to the kitchen
to get something to eat.
Her mother who is there, and her
mother looks like her mother,
but she's not acting
like her mother.
So she's smart
enough to realize,
maybe I'm still in
this parallel universe.
>>NOORY: I'm in the wrong spot.
>>GOLDBERG: So then she goes
back and uses my CDs again
and finally comes out of it.
And now she's back in
the regular universe.
So she for a period of
time of about two hours
went to a parallel universe,
where the events were
different, but she
looked the same,
her mother looked the same
in that second story there.
>>NOORY: That close.
>>GOLDBERG: Now,
there are parallel
universes where the comet
hits the Earth in 1999,
as Nostradamus, and
wipes out humanity.
There's a parallel
universe where
the British win the American
Revolutionary War, where
Hitler wins World War II.
There's all kinds of
options out there.
>>NOORY: Wow.
Different things have changed.
>>GOLDBERG: Every
time you can think
of a potential future or
potential alternative,
you're actually creating
a parallel universe.
There's an infinite
number of them.
>>NOORY: Bruce,
physicist Michio Kaku
has his own views of what
a parallel universe is.
Let's look at that.
>> But there are theories
which say that there could be
universes right next
to our universe.
And in fact, the
Large Hadron Collider
will give us the first
experimental evidence
about the existence
of parallel universes.
So think of us as ants
living on a sheet of paper.
But perhaps there are
other parallel sheets
of paper with other
ants living on them.
And perhaps we are very close
to these other universes,
but we can't reach them.
The energy necessary to
reach a parallel universe
would be the Planck energy, 10
to 19 billion electron volts.
I would suppose that
trillions of years
from now, intelligent
life, facing
the ultimate demise of
the universe itself,
might decide to leave the
universe, to leave our universe
and enter a parallel
universe in the same way
that Alice entered the looking
glass to enter Wonderland.
>>NOORY: Ah, but according
to Dr. Bruce Goldberg,
we've already gone to
other parallel universes.
>>GOLDBERG: Well, yes.
As a matter of fact,
I have a technique
called the New You technique.
When somebody comes to
my office and they say,
Doctor, I'm in trouble.
They say, my past-- they have
a criminal record or incurable
disease or just there's
no future to them.
There's nothing they can do.
>>NOORY: It's over.
>>GOLDBERG: So what do I do?
I say, look, suicide
is not the option.
I say, look, how
about we switch paths?
And I train them to go
into a parallel universe,
and remember, the universe
is still going on here,
but their awareness
is now going to be
in a different parallel track.
And I'll tell you what I did.
I put myself in my own research.
Back in 1993ish, give or
take, the end of the year,
I was working on a
project for a CBS TV movie
with a writer and a producer.
And this was done by CBSP, the
internal production company.
And the writer told me,
he said, Doctor, he says,
it's not going to air.
They've authorized
some treatments,
but the project is dead.
>>NOORY: After all their work.
>>GOLDBERG: I said, I'll fix it.
And he said, look, they
don't want to hear from you.
And I said, I'm not going
to call the network.
I'm going to use one of
my strange techniques.
Don't worry about it.
Now, what happened was I
used my "New You" technique.
I went into the future, OK?
I scanned the whole thing
for about 20 years or so.
And I saw the movie was
going to air in at least one
of those frequencies.
But I saw many other things
that happened to me personally
and professionally
that had nothing
that I couldn't possibly know.
As it turns out,
I switched tracks,
went to that-- this is
this parallel universe, OK?
And many of the things-- people
I would have met, personally,
social life, professional
life-- you were involved, OK?
Because I didn't know who
you were at the time, right?
This is 1994. [INAUDIBLE].
>>NOORY: You didn't
know me then, yeah.
>>GOLDBERG: So I'm the example
of switching, of parallel--
now, the other universe
I left is still going on.
I have no contact
with it, right?
Now, just like you don't
know what's going on
in all the parallel universes.
But this gentleman I'm talking
about, he was now in a universe
where things are
quite different.
One example that relates to
you because of your origin
of Detroit, I was working
with the woman who was-- she
was in her 60s, and her
husband was retiring.
And she lived in Detroit.
She's from Detroit.
And she just wanted
to get out of town,
and they wanted to move, and
they had so many problems.
So she goes into
the future, and she
sees herself moving to Florida.
Her husband is going to
get a consulting job,
and everything is
going to be fine.
But in the universe
that she's in now,
she sees into the future
about Christmastime.
She's going to get shot and
killed in downtown Detroit.
>>NOORY: Jeez.
>>GOLDBERG: So now she's got
incentive to switch, right?
>>NOORY: Which could
happen, by the way.
>>GOLDBERG: Yes, I know.
So she has incentive to switch.
So I said, OK, let's do
the switching, right?
So now she switches.
Now, oh, about six or eight
months later, she contacts me,
and she goes, Doctor, she
goes, we moved to Florida,
everything came
true as relevant.
But she goes, I gotta
tell you something.
She kept in touch with
the Detroit newspapers.
Her family was
there, so she-- you
know how you can get
out-of-town papers?
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>GOLDBERG: The very day she
was to be shot and killed
in downtown Detroit,
somebody else
was shot and killed on
the exact same spot.
>>NOORY: In her place.
>>GOLDBERG: In her place.
Now, it's not her fault.
I'm just showing you
how the universe works.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>GOLDBERG: OK?
>>NOORY: Some people have
seen their doppelganger,
an image of themselves--
>>GOLDBERG: Oh,
no, it's actually
a physical representation.
>>NOORY: Physical
representation wandering around.
Is that someone from
a parallel universe?
>>GOLDBERG: No.
A doppelganger--
let me show you.
The doppelganger is
a Scandinavian term,
a German term.
What this means is
that if you have
your astral body, your spiritual
body, it looks like a ghost,
right?
>>NOORY: Right.
>>GOLDBERG: But if
you condense it-- this
is astral matter-- then it
becomes a doppelganger, where
you can shake hands with it.
And there are
examples of people who
have-- like there's a
classic case in New York.
There was a physician
who was going
to give a talk, a medical
conference, a dinner meeting,
right?
It's in New York City, OK?
But he's also seen and
witnessed in Toronto
on the exact same day
giving the exact same talk.
You can't be in two
places at the same time.
But the most famous case
occurred in England, though,
about 1905, where a member
of the House, their House
of Commons, their lower house.
He was sick at
home with the flu,
and he had his nurse there.
He had a doctor there and a
whole bunch of people there.
Yet his doppelganger voted
in the House of Commons.
>>NOORY: Was already there.
>>GOLDBERG: And
it's public record.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>GOLDBERG: And
it was witnessed.
And one of the people
who witnessed him
became the prime minister
of England a couple of years
later.
How's that for credibility?
>>NOORY: Jeez.
Are doppelgangers the
opposite of your personality?
If you're good, it's bad?
>>GOLDBERG: No, no, no, no.
This isn't-- no.
The doppelganger
is actually you.
I mean, it's just-- you
may weigh a little less.
[CHUCKLING] But no,
it's going to have
the same personality as you.
>>NOORY: I've got some
e-mails for you, Bruce.
Let's go through a couple.
John from Columbia,
Maryland, wants to know,
is the future fixed?
>>GOLDBERG: No, of course not.
Quantum mechanics and
any of the theories,
you have what we call
a plastic future.
You can change-- just like
Tammy changed her future.
If the future was fixed,
Tammy would be dead
on TWA Flight 800, right?
So the future is-- now,
there are other futures
where you may not do very well.
Just don't use
those frequencies.
Stay in the ones
that you are cool.
But the future is
always changeable,
because we, our
actions or inactions,
determine what the
actual future is.
>>NOORY: So we can control that.
>>GOLDBERG: You can
always control it.
Can't control the past, but
you can control the future.
>>NOORY: Mary from one of
your favorite spots, Ithaca,
New York, what is a
psychic empowerment?
>>GOLDBERG: Well she's
referring to the main technique
I deal with in my practice.
Empowerment means taking
charge of your life.
And in my superconscious mind
tap technique with hypnosis,
I'm using your
psychic abilities,
your connection from
the subconscious mind
or the soul to your
perfect counterpart,
called the higher self
or the superconscious,
to raise the soul's
energy to a higher level.
So you can be more confident,
more empowered, fearless,
et cetera.
That's what it means.
That's what I call
psychic empowerment.
>>NOORY: OK, and Derald
in Orlando, Florida,
explain the best way
to use the techniques
that you teach in
our daily lives
to get into parallel universes
or time travel or OBEs.
>>GOLDBERG: Well,
very simple-- I mean,
I have obviously lots of CDs
on my site they can check out.
But you practice some form
of hypnosis on a daily basis.
Now, I have various techniques.
If you want to do out
of body, obviously there
are out-of-body CDs.
If he wants to see
a parallel universe,
the "New You" technique on the
Destiny program is relevant.
So any of these subdivisions
that he wants to do,
you just use the techniques on a
regular basis without pressure.
And for the benefit
of the audience,
please, no drugs, no
recreational drugs.
I know pot is legal
in California now
and a bunch of other states.
Don't do it.
You're going to go to
a lower astral plane.
>>NOORY: Why?
Does it affect you?
>>GOLDBERG: You'll go to the
lower astral plane every time.
>>NOORY: It will.
>>GOLDBERG: And you will meet
all the negative entities
that you see in cartoons.
You don't want to be there.
>>NOORY: You don't want
to be there at all.
>>GOLDBERG: You want
to do it naturally.
And in my books, I describe
the many techniques
they can do about
relaxing in your home,
wearing light clothing,
doing it late at night
is good for the beginning
because that's natural.
Don't eat a lot of food,
especially red meat,
before you're doing it.
There's a lot of
techniques about how
to set up your environment
and your home, wherever
you're going to do this.
But it's a natural technique,
but you want to do it relaxed.
And interesting enough,
there's a technique.
The sound of the Earth
plane is a thunderstorm.
So you don't want to
do it during a storm.
It's not dangerous, but it's
like you're swimming upstream.
You want to do it
when there's no--
>>NOORY: It's a
great sound, though.
>>GOLDBERG: It's a
great sound, but not
for out-of-body training.
>>NOORY: Have there
ever been cases
of somebody leaving
their body and not
being able to come back?
>>GOLDBERG: Never.
Never has anyone-- and I'm
familiar with the literature.
You know I contribute to
the scientific literature.
And I've done this
over 3,000 times.
There has never
been a case, ever
in recorded history, going
back to the Greeks, the Romans,
the Egyptians, you name it.
There's never been a case where
anybody has ever been harmed
by going out of the body.
But there is the
opposite, where people
have been helped and healed and
cured and empowered and done
all kinds-- let me tell you a
technique about out-of-body.
It's called astral negotiation.
Let's say you're having
a problem with someone--
>>NOORY: With an individual.
>>GOLDBERG: Anyone in your
family-- anyone, your family,
your friends, family,
personal life.
So what you can do is you
go to the astral plane.
Or let's use the upper
astral plane as an example.
You create what's called a
sanctuary, like a conference
room in the fifth dimension.
You now summon the
soul of the person
you're having problems with.
They have to show up.
They don't have to stay,
but they have to show up.
This is not black magic.
This is natural.
And what happens is,
if they stay with you,
you can now work out
your differences,
you can do a
negotiation with them,
and they on the earth plane
won't know what's going on,
because they're asleep now.
So now you're doing
the negotiation,
and then when they wake up
the following morning, all
of a sudden, it's
going to be, you know,
maybe I shouldn't
be such a creep
to that person now or whatever.
And I've had people--
>>NOORY: It's magical.
>>GOLDBERG: I've
used this with people
to get a job when they were
working with an HR person
where they're going
to be interviewed.
I've worked with people who were
about to get fired from a job
because they were
having problems.
I've worked with people
who have problems
with their relationships.
They're about to get divorced.
Any interaction, you
can negotiate anything.
Now, if they don't want
to do it, that's fine.
But you've got nothing
to lose, again.
And I've done this
myself, and I've
worked with thousands
of patients doing this.
>>NOORY: How did Dr.
Bruce Goldberg, a dentist,
get involved in all of this?
>>GOLDBERG: Well,
I'll make the very--
it's called the two cents
plain version of this.
When I was in Baltimore--
I was in dental school--
I was working very long, hard
hours, like in summertime.
I was a security guard.
And I was very tired one
day, and literally a voice
came into my head
and said, go down
to the Aquarian Age
bookstore downtown,
which is a New Age bookstore.
And I figure, oh,
look, I'm tired.
All right, what
have I got to lose?
So I go down there, and I see
this beautiful Greek goddess
woman.
She's about 6 and 1/2
feet tall with her hair
up in a bun, blond hair,
wearing a Greek toga.
>>NOORY: Real?
>>GOLDBERG: Real woman.
And she says to
me-- I don't know
who this woman is-- she says to
me, I've been waiting for you.
And I looked at her,
and I said, I've
been waiting for
you all my life.
What's going on here?
>>NOORY: [LAUGHING]
>>GOLDBERG: So she
says, come back
into the back of the
bookstore with me.
I said, OK.
>>NOORY: OK, here you go.
>>GOLDBERG: I have
no fears, right?
I go back there and--
>>NOORY: Family show,
by the way, Bruce.
>>GOLDBERG: She reaches up,
and she pulls out a book,
"The Search for Bridey Murphy."
Now, if you remember
this, Bridey Murphy
was a case in the 1950s.
A man named Maury Bernstein--
>>NOORY: Great case.
>>GOLDBERG: --who later
became a good friend of mine,
the late Maury Bernstein.
And it was like 1952, '53,
he worked with this woman,
turned into a
documented case called
Bridey Murphy, a
woman from Ireland
that was from a past life.
And this got a lot of
attention nationally.
The Catholic church
was against it.
There was movies and
plays made out of it.
It was a big thing.
So I looked at that,
and I said, you
know, I want to use hypnosis
in my dental practice anyway,
so I decided to-- I think,
what have I got to lose?
Well, then I started
experimenting with regression.
And then it worked.
I was able to work with people
with solving major problems.
And then I went from regression
to developing progression
into the future.
And I wrote my first book,
"Past Lives, Future Lives."
And then I worked
with ET abductees
and out-of-body experiences and
then teleportation experiences.
And then the ultimate is
working with the time travelers.
So it became a
circuitous path where
the universe was kind of
guiding me and saying, come on.
We've got a little bit more
here, a little bit more.
And that's where I am today.
>>NOORY: I'm glad you did.
Bruce, for people who
want to get a hold of you,
where do they go?
>>GOLDBERG: They can
go to my website, DR--
that's for doctor--
drbrucegoldberg.com.
If they want to call
my toll-free number,
1-800-KARMA-4-U, 1-800-527-6248.
And if they mention
this show, they're
going to get a special
free gift from me.
>>NOORY: I love that.
Bruce, thanks for being
on "Beyond Belief."
>>GOLDBERG: My pleasure.
>>NOORY: It's fascinating.
I mean, I've interviewed Dr.
Goldberg for 14 years now.
And every time, he
brings a new perspective
to time travel, reincarnation,
parallel universes, OBEs--
just a fascinating subject.
Practice it.
You will open up many
doors that you never
thought you would open.
I'm George Noory, and
this is "Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]